Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Pinkfong.
♪ You're gonna wanna ♪
♪ Sea Stariana ♪
♪ The Greatest Starfish
in the whole wide water ♪
♪ Oh. from the tuna
to the piranha ♪
♪ Everyfishy's gonna see ♪
♪ Everything's about me ♪
♪ Stariana-na-na-na.
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Everyfishy's gonna see ♪
♪ Everything's about me ♪
It's Stariana!
Mwah!
Lance Bass here with Stariana
on "Tidal Request Live."
Shello Miss Rising Starfish!
Who. me?
I don't know about all that.
I'm just a little starfish
with a big dream.
Well. it's coming true.
Your splash hit is
sweeping the ocean.
Get used to her name. everyfishy.
It's Stariana!
Thank you. Lance.
Whoa!
Oh.
Eeeeee! Stariana!
This is so exciting!
It's happening. Gillie.
My influence is spreading!
At long last. I must be
the catchiest fish in the sea!
As I was saying.
it's bubble time!
Ooh. bubble time!
Eee!
Yah!
Bubble. bubble. spill the tea.
Show me the catchiest fish
in the sea.
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark ♪
Ugh. Baby Shark!
Still?
I can't believe some nofishy
in the middle of nowhere
is the catchiest fish
in the sea.
It's just not fair.
See that star mark?
Legend has it that the
catchiest fish in the sea
is marked by a star.
Ugh. but what
about being a star?
Just look on the bright side.
You're still a star
according to Lance Bass.
It's not enough!
For years I was relegated
to the ocean floor.
Just a starfish stuck on a rock
while the world swam by.
It was my rock bottom.
But I was there.
And I liked that rock.
It was a great rock.
Get out of my dramatic
flashback. Gillie!
As I was saying.
there I was. stuck.
And everyfishy who swam by
me was singing that one
relentless song.
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
I knew then that it should
be my voice enchanting
the whole wide water.
That I should be
the catchiest fish in the sea!
One day. everyfishy will
listen to me and my song!
There will be no Baby Shark.
no Taylor Drift.
no Doja Catfish. no ENHYPEN--
Aww. I kind of like ENHYPEN.
No ENHYPEN!
I mean. who needs
pure earnest joy?
Ha. no thanks.
But just out of curiosity. uh.
how are you going to do that?
Oh. Gillie.
Sweet Gillie.
Sweet. sweet little laughable--
I get it.
We can skip ahead to--
It's all possible.
once I have this.
The Siren Stone.
Wow wow wow wow wow.
Very glam.
Very glam. very powerful.
With this. I can steal
the music from anyfishy's soul.
Whatever song
they have in their heart
will be replaced by mine.
And they'll be
obsessed with me!
Imagine it.
everyfishy singing my song!
Even this pesky
little Baby Shark.
Wow.
Once I use the Siren Stone to
steal Baby Shark's star mark.
I will rule the ocean as
the catchiest fish in the sea.
- Gillie. don't.
- Right. yup. stopping.
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
I'll make sure that
little yellow nuisance
swims right into our trap.
♪ Swimming through
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ My cute town
♪ Good morning
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Carnivore Cove ♪
Good morning. Baby Shark.
And a good morning
to you. Mr. Clownfish!
♪ Stariana-na-na-na ♪
Hm.
♪ Na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Sing it out
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ To a sprout
Ah!
Phew. I am truly.
deeply sorry.
Those puppy shark eyes.
Can't resist.
Oh. you're all right. squiddo.
Thanks. Bullshark Dozer!
See you later!
♪ Na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Picking up
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ My best friend
Hi. Ms. Manta.
Hi. Baby Shark.
William!
It's--
Baby!
You ready to make fin-ship
bracelets. best friend?
You know it. best friend.
But--
I know what you're thinking.
both: Can fin-ship bracelets
truly contain the pure
jaw-someness of our fin-ship?
They can if we
make them that at--
Peak Fin-ship!
♪ Every day
is a new adventure ♪
♪ The deep blue's got
us front and center ♪
both: * We can't sink
when we sing together ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Best friends
till the end of time ♪
♪ Up or down.
swimming' by your side ♪
both: * Our fin-ship
is ocean wide! ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ I'll be there when
the tide starts turning ♪
the waves stop curling ♪
♪ Forever the best duet ♪
♪ Our fin-ship's
as good as it gets ♪
♪ And even if your
heart gets broken ♪
♪ I'll be there
with my fins wide open ♪
♪ Peak Fin-ship ♪
♪ The best one yet ♪
♪ As good as it gets ♪
♪ I'll be there when
the tide starts turning ♪
the waves stop curling ♪
♪ Forever the best duet ♪
♪ Woah-oh ♪
♪ Our fin-ship's
as good as it gets ♪
♪ And even if
your heart gets broken ♪
♪ I'll be there
with my fins wide open ♪
♪ Peak Fin-ship ♪
♪ The best one yet ♪
♪ Cause we got it
as good as it gets ♪
♪ Peak Fin-ship ♪
♪ As good as it gets ♪
Y'know.
for a moment there. I thought
we were being too much.
Same. but then I
realized we were being
exactly the right amount.
Same!
Baby Shark. do
you take this best
fin-ship bracelet and swear
to be my best friend forever?
Through thick and fin?
In salt and fresh water?
I do.
William. do you take
this best fin-ship bracelet
and swear to be
my best friend forever?
In sickness and in kelp?
I doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!
Then it's o-fish-al.
Secret tail-shake!
High-fin for fin-ship!
And to think that
was totally improvised.
There's only one
thing left to do.
After-song snackies!
♪ Oh. from the tuna
to the piranha ♪
♪ Everyfishy's gonna see ♪
♪ Everything's about me ♪
♪ Stariana-na-na-na.
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Hey. there's that
Stariana music video again.
Wow. that song is everywhere.
Kinda repetitive if you ask me.
It's like it's
turning everyfishy
into mindless zombiefish.
It has been stuck in my head
for a disturbingly long time.
but I like it.
And actually. I'm watching
this for research.
Research?
Why are you
researching Stariana?
I knew it. Mrs. Shark!
You're leading a secret
life as a pop star!
And you kept this from me?
I could have helped
pick your outfits!
No. squiddo.
But there is
something important
we need to talk to you about.
Oh. uh. that's my alarm!
That's your alarm?
Yes. Grandpa.
which means we have to go.
We have got to get
you a better alarm.
Should I leave?
No way.
Anything you need
to say to me.
you can say
in front of William.
Plus. we still
need our snackies.
Well. I just got
some fin-tastic news.
Baby. William. you're
looking at Chomp City's
new entertainment director!
Whoa!
Wait. what is that?
It's like being a party
planner for the whole city.
both: Jaw-some!
Yup. your mom is going to
be overseeing all of Chomp
City's musical events.
Starting with
the Chomp City Chomptacular.
which Stariana is headlining.
She called me herself to offer
me the position. no big deal.
The Chomptacular?
That's the concert of the year!
Everyfishy's gonna be there.
Sharki B. Bad Bunnyslug--
And ENHYPEN!
Ahh...
ah.
You get to meet ENHYPEN?
- Oh. yeah!
- * Uh-huh! ♪
- Go Mommy!
- * I'll tell you ♪
Go Mommy!
So the Sharks are
moving to Chomp City!
- Whoo-hoo--ooh?
- Wait. what?
We're moving?
Mrs. Shark.
unfortunately you can't move.
That would mean Baby would
miss my birthday party.
Yeah!
We can't move!
We know
it's not perfect timing.
Wha--
so we're not going
to be neighbors anymore?
I know it's
a big change. Baby.
But you two can still
visit each other.
But Chomp City's all the way
across the whole wide water.
How about those snackies?
Thanks. but I
think I lost my appetite.
I better flow home.
Oh.
Well. the dental office
is officially closed.
and I'm ready
for a city adventure!
Just think. Baby!
It'll be a dream come true.
You can even get your teeth
cleaned by the Dr. Sawtooth.
Ironically. she's famous
for her gentle touch.
Uh. Daddy. that's your dream.
Oh. hehe. right.
I know!
What if--
and hear me out here--
I stay behind
with Grandma and Grandpa!
- Oh!
Then I could help
if Grandpa gets a cramp
and needs his fin cream!
Or Grandma needs the Wi-Fi
password for her tablet!
Or they both get
cold and no fishies
here to knit them a scarf!
Ooh. that sounds great.
I do get cold
from time to time.
Oof!
You don't want
to stay with us. squiddo.
Yeah. we're just going
to be sitting around telling
each other long embellished
stories about our pasts
that we've already
heard 300 times.
Luckily.
I always forget them.
C'mon. Baby.
Chomp City will be great.
And while we get
up on our fins.
we'll get to stay
with my old friend Leah.
Remember how much fun she is?
Plus. you'll finally get
to meet her little pup Lannie.
Leah Lanternshark?
Hey. weren't you two in
a yacht rock group together?
I try not to remember that.
That's right!
She was kicked out
for being too smooth.
How's she doing?
Oh. she's--well. actually.
I don't really know.
It's been a while
since we caught up.
So I guess we'll find
out and hopefully
live to tell the tale. ha.
It's no fair.
I have to move away
from my best friend.
and you get to live with yours.
Try to think of it
as a new adventure.
An adventure?
Without William?
Well. that's like
a shark without water.
What if William makes a new
best friend while I'm gone?
And they make new inside jokes?
That I'm outside of!
I'll be outside the jokes!
Don't worry. squiddo.
At my age. I found that true
blue fin-ship conquers all.
Even a move across
the whole wide water.
♪ Packing up
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ All my stuff
♪ In my bag
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Almost done ♪
Somefishy's in a good mood.
Good mood?
Ha!
Try great mood!
Because of how
great everything is!
Great!
I'm so glad you're excited.
And remember. only pack
the things you need.
Oh. I am.
Oof!
Baby.
What?
He needs his best friend!
- Yeah!
- Nice try. squiddos.
I can't believe
you're really leaving.
Me neither.
But are you and I
the best friends
in the whole wide water
gonna let that get us down?
So I'm moving across
the seven seas.
So what?
A fin-ship like ours
is bigger than that!
We took a vow. remember?
Through thick and fin?
Yeah!
In salt and fresh water.
I'll always be by your side.
Always!
Mm. what was that?
Er. at least symbolically.
Here--
Much better.
Thanks for the moving
help. Mail Whale!
You're welcome.
Hooo-hooo-hoohoooo-hoo-hooo.
Grandma. Grandpa.
I'll miss you.
Oh. have fun. lil pup.
It's sure going to be
a snooze fest around here
without ya.
Guess this is it. huh?
Nope. not nearly.
Because I have
a surprise for you--
happy early birthday!
Two tickets
to the Chomptacular!
How?
Let's just say
I know a shark.
It's me. I'm the shark.
William. when you come
visit me in Chomp City.
we're going to be
front row for ENHYPEN!
Front row?
You think we'll get
to dance on stage with them?
Um. obviously we'll get
to dance on stage with them.
Aww. thank you. Baby.
This is the jaw-somest
birthday present ever.
Time to get flowing. lil pup.
♪ I'll be there when
the tide starts turning ♪
the waves stop curling ♪
both: * Forever the best duet ♪
♪ Our fin-ship's
as good as it gets ♪
See you later.
best friend forever.
- Bye. everyfishy!
- Bye. Baby!
Goodbye!
Oh. take care.
What time is it?
Party time.
Chin up. lil pup.
Everything will be fine.
You'll see.
All right. I just downloaded
this new app called Waterways.
It'll get us there in
two shakes of a tail-fin!
Whoo!
Uh. that way!
OK. maybe the other way!
This can't be right.
Ah! Neither can this!
Look!
Up ahead.
Wow.
Chomp City.
Whew!
We made it.
Whoa.
Wow. the sights.
The sounds.
The smells.
City life. we're living it!
- Hey.
- Pardon me!
Whoop!
- Ey. I'm swimmin' here!
Oof!
Nothing a little
Baby Shark charm can't fix.
I am truly. deeply sorry.
Those puppy shark
eyes aren't going to cut
it in Chomp City. squiddo.
So I'm a
little out of my depth.
Mommy. Daddy!
Wait for me!
How's my smile?
Hmm. Abso-toothly perfect!
Hmm. ugh. did Leah
forget we're coming today?
Where are they?
Right here!
There she is!
Long time. no hug!
Leah!
So small but so strong.
I see you still
know how to make an entrance.
Hi. Lannie.
Gerald. you troublemaker.
Hey. girl. hey!
You remember this.
Up high. down low!
To the right. let it flow!
And you!
Come to Auntie Leah!
Huh. didn't think
he called you "Auntie."
He does now!
Let Auntie Leah do
the shark check.
Dorsal fin. check.
Star mark. check.
Tail--perfectly springy.
Now it's about
time you two met.
Baby. this is
my little pup Lannie!
Uh. hi. Lannie!
I'm Baby Shark.
I know!
I mean. nice to eat you.
Gah!
I mean. nice to meet you. Yeah.
Nice to meet you. too.
I like your colors.
We're lantern sharks.
so we glow!
See? Angry!
Happy!
Hungry.
I guess you could say.
I wear my heart on my sleeve.
Except. I don't have sleeves.
so you wouldn't say that.
Get it together. Lannie.
Lock it down!
No. no. that's very cool.
Whaddaya say?
Ready to dive in
and explore your new home?
I guess so.
You guess so?
Nah. nah. nah. we gotta
do better than that.
I'm gonna show you
that in Chomp City.
everyfishy's got
a song to sing.
C'mon!
♪ Welcome to Chomp City ♪
♪ Where the world is
bright and pretty ♪
♪ You'll see
everyfishy's singing ♪
♪ As they're swimming along.
swimming along ♪
♪ Got the best
high-tide buildings ♪
♪ Cause the sawsharks
are milling ♪
♪ And the hammerheads
are hitting ♪
♪ Let's keep swimming along.
swimming along ♪
♪ We got fashion shows ♪
♪ So strike a pose ♪
♪ Show off those stripes
and spots. ya know? ♪
♪ Downtown don't sleep.
it's the undertow ♪
♪ Where it all begins ♪
♪ So dive on in ♪
♪ Go and live your
best new life ♪
♪ Soak in the city lights ♪
♪ You'll sing your
song in time ♪
♪ Come on. dive on in ♪
♪ Different tails
and different fins ♪
♪ Everyfishy fits right in ♪
♪ Here's where
your song begins ♪
♪ Go and dive on in ♪
♪ Next on the plate ♪
♪ We're going to treat ya ♪
♪ A slice of kelparoni pizza! ♪
♪ Do it like this. it folds ♪
♪ Am I doing it right? ♪
♪ Yeah. take a bite! ♪
♪ Always something new ♪
♪ Can't run out
of things to do ♪
♪ The greatest place
in the deep blue ♪
♪ Yeah. it's true ♪
♪ So dive on in ♪
♪ Go and live your
best new life ♪
♪ Soak in the city lights ♪
♪ You'll sing your
song in time ♪
♪ Come on. dive on in ♪
♪ Different tails
and different fins ♪
♪ Everyfishy fits right in ♪
♪ Here's where
your song begins ♪
♪ Go and dive on in ♪
♪ Wah-ooh! ♪
♪ Ooo-ooh wah-ooh! ♪
♪ So dive on in ♪
And that brings us to the
crown jewel of Chomp City--
Casa Leah y Lannie.
Your new home.
We definitely aren't
in Carnivore Cove anymore.
This way!
I'll show you our room.
"Our" room?
Look. I understand
Dr. Sawtooth is busy.
but could she make an exception
for a fellow practitioner
of the dental arts?
Look at you. Mommy Shark.
back in the city.
Wow. ya know.
it's been way too long.
Yeah. I've been meaning
to visit. but you know.
life always seems
to get in the way.
Ugh. That pesky life.
Well. catch-up time starts now.
Totally.
Let the catching up begin.
- Yes!
Oh. thank you!
I'll take it!
Mwah.
Daddy's going to the dentist!
Whoo--ah!
That hurt!
This is my bed.
and this one's yours!
Unless you want mine. in which
case you can totally have it.
Oh. that's OK.
Thanks. though.
OK. but the offer stands.
Anything for my new best bud!
Uh. I kinda already
have a best. best bud.
But we can still be friends!
Totally!
Well. this is still
going to be jaw-some.
It's like a forever sleepover!
Just a warning--my mom
says I talk in my sleep.
But I've never heard it. so--
One day down. forever to go.
But I'm just an understudy!
- Huh?
- What?
Me?
Star in the off-off
Broadwave production
of "Les Fisherables" tonight?
♪ La la la la la
la la la ♪
Ah!
The Chomptacular.
It's a beautiful day. Gillie.
Have I ever told you how
much I appreciate you?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
what's happening?
What is this?
Are you happy?
Well. why not?
The sun is shining.
my star is rising--
and Baby Shark is
in Chomp City. swimming
ever closer to my trap.
The only thing that can
break the Siren Stone's spell
is the song of the catchiest
fish in the sea.
So once I steal Baby
Shark's star mark.
nothing will stand in my way.
You're such a genius. Stariana.
I mean. hiring Baby Shark's mom
to work for you to bring him
closer. Elon Mollusk wishes.
I know.
Sometimes I think
I'm so smart that I
could be really
successful if I just
put in an honest day's work.
But where's the fun in that?
Once I steal Baby Shark's
musical life force.
I will be unstoppable.
My Chomptacular performance
will put everyfishy
in the whole wide
water under my spell.
and I will rule the ocean
as is my rightful destiny.
BTDubs. what's the sitch with
tracking down the Siren Stone?
Oh!
Uh. It's going well!
I have several promising
leads. and I've only
had my identity stolen once.
Good.
Uh. where is
Mrs. Shark. anyway?
Good morning!
OK. so I have
our whole day planned out
starting with your fave
breakfast sandwiches.
And then--
Planned out?
Leah. I'm running late.
But you just got here.
You really don't have
a day to hang out?
Sorry.
I promise we'll do
catch up time soon!
Breakfast sando to-go it is!
Oh. thank you.
And. uh. keep him in one
piece while I'm out. OK?
You have my solemn word.
Now are we going
to be on good behavior?
Welcome to the Driftwood Derby!
Whoo-hoo!
I'm gaining on you. Leah!
Not in my house!
Show me the light.
Good. Good.
Hm. no good.
Coming through.
- Hey. watch it.
- Whoa!
Huh. must have gotten
mixed up with Baby's stuff.
Mwah.
Mrs. Shark!
Thank gill-ness you're here.
I'm Gillie. Stariana's
assistant and best friend.
Assistant first.
best friend sec--
There she is!
Oh. nice to meet you both.
Aww.
This must be Baby Shark!
You got those tickets
I sent. right?
Yes. thank you again.
He and his best friend
William are so. so excited.
especially to see ENHYPEN.
Haven't heard of them.
Anyway. he should stop
by to get an autograph.
I'd love to meet him.
That's so kind of you.
Oh. it's the
least I could do.
Whoo-hoo!
Ooh. I like your bracelet.
Thanks!
My best friend.
William has one. too.
He lives back
in Carnivore Cove.
Oh. cool.
But. uh. hey. I know!
How about we make up
a secret tail-shake?
That is such a good idea.
How do we do that?
How about we shark
shimmy. patty-cake fin.
do a spin. and--
Whoa!
That is not how
that usually goes.
Ahh!
Gotcha!
Whew. isn't the Driftwood
Derby great. Baby?
What could you be
doing in Carnivore Cove
that's more fun than this?
Oh. no!
I almost forgot!
all: * Happy birthday.
dear William ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you! ♪
- Whoo-hoo!
- Beep-beep.
Bubble berry birthday
cake coming through!
Make a wish.
Hmm. hmm.
Ah!
Bravo.
First slice
for the birthday fishy.
Thanks. Mom.
And look who it is--
Happy birthday. best friend!
Baby!
I saved your spot for you.
Ooh. lemme get
some of that cake!
Mmm.
Do I detect a hint
of bubbleberry?
Hey. William!
Wavy haberdashery!
What?
What did she say?
"Wavy haberdashery"?
Oh. it's kinda
an inside joke.
An inside joke?
Yeah. yeah. you--
you had to be there.
Oh. uh--
Sounds funny.
Time to open presents!
Ooh. mine first!
Ooh!
Uh. I gotta flow. Baby.
Oh. OK.
Uh. have fun!
You too!
It's official.
He has inside jokes without me.
My life is over.
Hey. Baby!
Wanna race?
I know you won
the first. second.
and. well-- all seven rounds.
But this one's mine!
Oh. I can feel it in my fins.
I'll take that action!
Whoo!
Somefishy's got
the birthday blues.
Talk to me. bubba.
It's just-- it wasn't
the same without Baby here.
Hey. listen.
you're best friends.
A little distance
can't change that.
Thanks. Mom.
You're like the wisest.
And besides.
you'll see him again soon.
Could it be?
OK. we got
the party snackies.
we got the glow
in the dark body paint.
and you fishies
will never believe--
Next door.
Uh. right.
My bad.
At least Baby's grandparents
seem to be doing OK.
Whoo!
All right. party prawn
squids. and fish!
They call me
Solid Gold Glamdaddy.
And it's time to chomp 'n roll!
Granola Granny Goddess
says public art for all!
Welcome to--
both: Burning Sand!
I can't believe I missed
William's birthday party.
I'm sorry. squiddo.
I just feel so homesick.
but I guess this is home now.
both: Hm.
I mean. the Mail Whale
here isn't even a whale!
Got yer mail here.
See?
I just miss my old life.
Baby.
Should I recite a poem
about plankton to him?
To cheer him up?
Maybe later. pup.
OK.
You know. Baby.
Having a best friend is like
being in any great pop duo--
sometimes you sing together.
and sometimes you sing apart.
Like your mom and me.
But you two
hardly talk anymore.
Does that even
count as fin-ship?
Look.
Just promise me you'll try.
You'll love it here.
There are more things
to do in Chomp City
than there are grains
of sand in the ocean.
Anything can happen.
Who knows?
Maybe you'll even make
a new best friend.
A new best friend?
Ha. Mommy says you're
funny. but that is rich.
Baby?
Swear on your star mark
you'll give Chomp City a shot?
Boop!
OK. swear on my star mark.
Hm.
Uh. what's going on. hon?
If I'm going to get
my teeth cleaned by Dr.
Sawtooth tomorrow. they need
to be abso-toothly sparkling!
You think
she'll sign my retainer?
At least one
of you fishies is
adjusting well to city life.
Ick!
Ugh!
Nature! Why?
My mouth!
It went in my mouth!
I told you to find
the Siren Stone.
not take me backpacking!
Ugh. the things I do for power.
How did you track
it down. anyways?
Oh. I just did some research.
befriended a quirky but kindly
old monkfish. who gave
me a sacred scroll. used
disappearing squid ink
to reveal the hidden symbols.
and from there I
triangulated the coordinates.
But the hardest--
Shh!
Look!
The Siren Stone.
It's beautiful!
And it's mine.
OK.
It's really. uh--
really stuck in there.
Rude!
Ah!
The Stone!
With this power. Baby Shark's
star mark is as good as mine.
And then. I will have
complete control!
Yeah. you will!
♪ Cause we got the
Siren Stone ♪
- Now let's see.
- * You fishies can flow home ♪
- Is this thing on?
- * We got this-- ♪
♪ Stariana-na-na-na.
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ It's
Stariana-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Gillie?
Yes. Stariana?
Do a backflip.
Yes. Stariana.
Hup. ah.
Ta-da!
Mmm.
Gillie. paint my portrait.
Oh. weird request
but. yes. Stariana!
OK. yeah. you honestly
just do what I say anyways.
so you don't really need
to be mind controlled.
Yeah.
And now?
To simply dominate the world.
Gillie. how many times do I--
- I'm sorry!
I can't help it!
Your laugh is infectious!
Stop.
Just stop.
You're embarrassing yourself.
OK. let's flow.
this place is old and gross.
No.
Hm.
Time to give this whole
Chomp City thing a shot.
Hmm.
Hello.
Nice. uh. sawing?
It's a living.
Mmm. an every-fin bagel
with seaweed shmear. please.
both: Mmm!
Good day to you.
Oh. and a good day to you.
both: Ey. I'm swimming here!
Same time tomorrow?
You know it. Frank.
What do you think?
Sequin scales and chiffon?
I'm fin-spired.
Mmm.
♪ Oh. oh. so dive on in ♪
You excited to see
William. squiddo?
Yeah. but it's weird.
I've never been nervous
to see him before.
What if things are--
I don't know.
different between us?
Aw. I'm sure you
two will have a blast.
You always do.
Chomptacular. here I come!
Have fun with Baby.
Now you sure you know
the way to Chomp City?
Mom. I'm a pilot fish.
Directions are in my blood.
Also. I just got this
cool app called Waterways!
So there's no way I'm
going to get lost!
This can't be right.
Whoa!
Wow.
Chomp City!
The sights!
The sounds!
The--oof!
See. you back home.
I have this
wry fast-talking
charm that usually
gets me out of hot water--
William?
Baby!
Oh. great.
you know each other.
High fin for fin-ship!
Wah!
Why don't you ever stop?
Can you believe I live here?
Not really.
I can't wait to
show you around.
No way!
A real life haberdashery!
Ha-ha-ho!
The fishes back home
are going to love this.
Oh. so that's
a haberdashery.
"Wavy haberdashery."
am I right?
Those words.
So random!
Yeah. it's hard to explain.
Sharki B!
Offshark and Sharki B.
chomping up the red carpet.
We give a whole new
meaning to fishy fierce.
Oh. hi-hi-hi-hi!
- Oh.
Hey. look. it's ENHYPEN!
We love you so much!
Ooh. sign my tentacles!
Sign my teeth!
Yar. sign me chest!
Ugh.
Enjoy it while it
lasts. fishies.
Ready for sound
checks. Stariana?
Why. yes.
Yes. I am.
Let's take this thing
for a test drive. shall we?
Talent coming through!
Hit it!
Mwah!
♪ You're gonna wanna ♪
♪ Sea Stariana ♪
Huh?
♪ The Greatest Starfish
in the whole wide water ♪
♪ Swim. tell your mama ♪
♪ It's Stariana ♪
♪ Everyfishy's going to see ♪
♪ Everything's about me ♪
♪ It's
Stariana-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ I'm
Stariana-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ It's
Stariana-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Everyfishy's gonna see ♪
♪ Everything's about me ♪
♪ I'm Stariana. watch me flow ♪
♪ Say my name.
I know you know ♪
♪ Nothing hotter in the water ♪
♪ I'm the star.
I run the show ♪
♪ All the squiddos
clap their fins ♪
♪ Pinch themselves
like it's a dream ♪
♪ Sea me now.
they're saying wow! ♪
It's Stariana!
Oh. my Gills!
♪ And it's known
across the ocean ♪
♪ I'm the cause
of the commotion ♪
♪ Everyfishy wants to meet me ♪
♪ I deserve all
this devotion ♪
♪ Tap your tails
to my new beat ♪
♪ All sold out.
no empty seats ♪
♪ Other songs just
can't compete ♪
♪ So play my chorus on repeat ♪
♪ You're gonna wanna ♪
♪ Sea Stariana ♪
♪ The Greatest Starfish
in the whole wide water ♪
♪ Oh. from the tuna
to the piranha ♪
♪ Everyfishy's gonna see ♪
♪ Everything is--
everything's about me ♪
Stariana!
Now who's catchy?
Mwah.
So this is where
you live now. huh?
Yeah. me and--
Me!
Hi. Baby's best friend.
Uh. hi.
William. this is Lannie.
Nice to eat you.
Ack!
I mean. nice to meet you!
Ugh. so close!
He-he. nice to meet you. too.
Baby. I've been working
on a secret tail-shake.
Wanna try?
- Oh. OK.
Huh?
Ta-da!
Nice one. Lannie!
Oh. you guys have
a secret tail-shake too?
Cool.
So what do you
want to do first?
We've only got a couple of
hours until the Chomptacular.
Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
Practice our dance
moves for ENHYPHEN!
Go to the Driftwood Derby!
Oh. wait. sorry.
What--wait. what did you say?
No. no. no. you go ahead.
Go to the Driftwood Derby!
Practice our dance
moves for ENHYPHEN!
Uh. we could go to
the Driftwood Derby.
What?
Oh. no.
No. you're right.
Let's practice our dance moves.
I mean. if we're going to
dance on stage with ENHYPEN--
We better come prepared.
OK. yeah.
Then let's watch
"Keep Swimming Through"!
Ooh. good call.
That music video is too iconic.
I'll stay here and keep
practicing our tail shake!
Whoa!
Ta-da!
♪ Everyfishy get your
gills up. let's flow ♪
♪ Here in the sea.
you'll never swim alone ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Turn it up. and get down ♪
♪ Feeling' good.
feeling fin-tastic now ♪
♪ Look at us underwater.
we rocking this ♪
♪ Yeah. you know the good
times are bottomless ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Floating together
in harmony ♪
♪ Singing hey. hey ♪
♪ Making big waves down below ♪
♪ So don't give up when
the tide turns against you ♪
♪ You know you got friends
in the deep blue-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming through-ooooo ♪
♪ Just flap those fins.
never stopping the motion ♪
♪ Together. our limit's
the ocean-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming through-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming through ♪
♪ No matter who you are.
a shrimp or a whale ♪
♪ No matter where you're from.
keep flapping' that tail ♪
♪ Cuz there's enough
love for every sea slug ♪
♪ Yes. even you Mr. Snail ♪
♪ Whooo whooo! ♪
♪ Flowing together in harmony ♪
♪ We're singing hey. hey ♪
♪ Making big waves down below ♪
♪ So don't give up when
the tide turns against you ♪
♪ You know you got friends
in the deep blue-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming through-ooooo ♪
♪ Just flap those fins.
never stopping the motion ♪
♪ Together. our limit's
the ocean-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming through-ooooo ♪
♪ Everyfishy flow ♪
♪ Keep swimming through ♪
♪ Keep swimming through-ooooo ♪
♪ Fins up for the turtles ♪
♪ Keep swimming through ♪
♪ Keep swimming through-ooooo ♪
I'm so excited
to shake our tails tonight!
Same!
We're going to
have so much fun.
Definitely!
Whew. all that
dancing made me hungry.
Well. you know I've got
after-song snackies for us.
Chomp City style!
Mmm. kelparoni pizza!
No. William. not like that.
In Chomp City.
we fold our slices.
See?
Oh.
I didn't realize
there was anything wrong
with the Carnivore Cove way.
You're really getting
used to city life. huh?
Baby. swear on your star mark
you'll give Chomp City a shot?
I love it here!
Wow.
You love it. love it?
Yeah. there are more
things to do in Chomp City
than there are grains
of sand in the ocean.
Anything can happen.
Well. who knows?
Maybe I'll even make
a new best friend!
Uh. oh. I--
I didn't mean--
- Well. good!
Because I've already got
a new best friend. too.
Yeah!
You do?
Uh-huh. Yeah!
And we've been having tons
of fun back in Carnivore Cove.
I did notice you've got
some new inside jokes.
New inside jokes.
new adventures.
Almost didn't even have
time to come visit you.
Then--then why did you come?
I thought you wanted me here!
I mean. it's not
like I've been waiting
around crossing off the days.
Well. fine then!
Hey!
You're just gonna leave?
What about the Chomptacular?
What about it?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it
without me just like the rest
of your new life.
Well. I guess we can't
stay best friends after all!
I guess not!
♪ Floating all
alone in the water ♪
♪ How'd our fin-ship
get washed away? ♪
♪ I'd spend every
last sand dollar ♪
♪ To take back how I
hurt you this way ♪
♪ It's all crystal clear ♪
♪ It all disappeared ♪
♪ And I would give
anything to have you here ♪
♪ Wanna turn back time ♪
♪ Swimming in rewind ♪
♪ It's been fin-possible
to leave you behind ♪
♪ Wish I could pretend
that it didn't end ♪
♪ And now I'm oceans apart ♪
♪ From my best friend ♪
♪ We would harmonize.
it was pretty ♪
♪ Didn't need me. now
I'm singing alone ♪
♪ I got a new
life in Chomp City ♪
♪ But my heart will
always be in the Cove ♪
♪ Wanna turn back time ♪
♪ Swimming in rewind ♪
♪ It's fin-possible
to leave you behind ♪
♪ Wish I could pretend
that it didn't end ♪
♪ Now I'm oceans apart ♪
♪ From my best friend ♪
♪ Ooooooh! ♪
♪ Now I'm oceans apart ♪
♪ From my very best friend ♪
Stariana!
Look. Gillie. it's beautiful.
Soon the whole wide water
will be chanting my name.
Bowing down to me.
Yeah. super cool.
Now let's see.
that little yellow nuisance
should be here any minute.
Bubble. bubble spill the tea.
Show me the catchiest
fish in the sea.
So much
for the Chomptacular.
He's not coming?
But the show's about to begin!
No--no!
Don't stress.
We can go get him!
What?
And search the whole city?
Hm.
I'm totally lost. aren't I?
Hmmm.
Or maybe he could come to us.
Huh?
Wait a minnow.
Ooh. Gillie. I could hug you.
I won't. but I could.
This can't be right.
Shello there!
Whoa!
Aren't you Stariana!
Mm-hmm.
Pleased to meet you.
♪ Stariana-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Stariana!
Stariana! Stariana!
♪ Stariana
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Hm. that's weird.
♪ Stariana
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Hmm.
What's going on?
Oof.
Baby Shark.
Mail for you.
♪ Stariana-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Huh. a Stariana flow stick?
Shello. Baby Shark.
You have something I want.
And it just so happens I
have somefishy you want.
What? William?
What is this?
Your best friend is
now under my control.
And we need a special guest
for my special
performance tonight.
Don't we. William?
Yes. Stariana.
If you want your
friend to swim free.
surrender your
star mark to me.
And give me the
power of your song!
The power of my song?
You get your friend.
I rule the whole ocean.
we're all happy as clams!
Ooo-ooo-ooo!
Show him the Siren Stone.
Gillie. I know how to
make an evil hologram. OK?
Come to the Chomptacular.
I'll be waiting.
OK. how do you turn
this thing off?
Gillie!
Stariana is a pop
starfish supervillain?
And she's captured William!
- * Floating together-- ♪
- Huh?
*--in harmony ♪
If it's a song
Stariana wants.
maybe it's a song
that can stop her.
♪ So don't give up when
the tide turns against you ♪
♪ You know you got friends
in the deep blue-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming
through-ooooo ♪
But I'm going to
need some really
powerful backup singers.
Mrs. Shark. seafoam latte.
Extra seafoam.
Yes. Stariana.
William. less.
Here you are. Stariana.
They are just so
helpful when you have
complete control over them.
Stop everything!
Oh. hi. Stariana.
This will just take a moment.
Sweetie-fins. the worst
thing ever happened.
I was on my way
to Dr. Sawtooth.
but Waterways gave me the
craziest directions. and--
hey. uh. what's
up with your eyes?
Mr. Shark. is it?
Dr. Shark. actually.
But. yeah. you can
call me Gerald.
Time to be quiet. Gerald.
♪ Stariana-na-na-na.
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Wah.
OK. I just have to make it
past security. find ENHYPEN's
tour sub. sneak inside. meet
my heroes without being too
weird. and convince them
to help me save music
across the whole wide water.
Well. here goes nothing.
♪ Boom. boom. boom ♪
♪ Buh-da da-da-da-da ♪
Boom. boom. boom--ah!
Hm?
Hmm.
♪ Boom. boom. boom ♪
♪ Buh-da da-da-da-da ♪
♪ Doo-doo-dah ♪
Huh?
Hm.
♪ Di-di-dah ♪
♪ Buh-da da-da-da-da ♪
♪ Hoo. hoo. ha ♪
♪ Boom. boom. boom ♪
♪ Buh-da da-da-da-da-dum ♪
♪ Bum. bum ♪
♪ Ha. ha. ha ♪
♪ Booda-booda-bo. ha
- Hey. you.
Ahh!
Hold up.
That little shark's with us.
Of course. Sharki B..
Offshark. my apologies.
Ah. don't be
hard on yourself.
We all make mistakes.
Oh. thank toothness.
Hi. Sharki!
Hi. Offshark!
Aw. how you doing.
Kulture Sharki?
Pretty jaw-some.
And--
Who's this?
Introducing the one and
only fin-credible Wavey Shark.
Me!
Our latest collab.
A lot's happened since we
saw you back in Carnivore Cove.
So what's going on?
You got yourself
in a bind. huh?
I really. really
need to meet ENHYPEN.
Um. yeah. who doesn't?
Do you know how I
might be able to get
onto their tour sub?
Well. those
belugas really love
their after-song snackies.
Maybe you could find
a way through the kitchen
over there.
Oh. thank you so. so much!
Good luck!
You got this!
Bye-bye. Baby Shark.
Is the gold dome too much?
There's never too
much gold for Jungwon.
This is ENHYPEN.
we need to wow!
Funny. because I seem
to recall you oversalting
the broth last time.
We're in the ocean.
We don't need more salt.
♪ Just flap those fins ♪
♪ Never stopping the motion ♪
♪ Together. our limit's
the ocean-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming through-ooooo ♪
- All right. food's here.
There's a shark
in our chapaguri.
Uh. do we send it back?
I'm so. so. so. so. so excited
to meet you!
I'm Baby Shark!
And you're ENHYPEN!
And I'm Baby Shark.
in the same room as ENHYPEN!
Now. you say something.
Um. nice to meet you.
Baby Shark.
So can we help you?
Oh. right. Help.
Yes! I need it.
So. uh. you know
Stariana. right?
♪ Stariana-na-na-na.
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Oh. my gills. you have
the voice of an angelfish.
Well. turns out.
she's super evil.
She wants to rule
the whole wide water.
Your dance moves
are breathtaking.
And she fish-napped
my very best friend
to get me to help her do it!
I respect you deeply.
Also. she's using something
called the Siren Stone?
I think that's what's making
everyfishy obsessed with her!
They've got these dead eyes.
and they're all smiley. so--
um. yeah!
I sound ridiculous. don't I?
He has a star mark.
Oh. Yeah.
It's kind of my trademark.
You know what we have to do?
Gear up. everyfishy.
Whoa.
We're not just a boy band.
We're an elite team
of musical operatives
sworn to protect the harmony
of the underwater universe.
Wha--
Shocking but true.
You're right about
the Siren Stone.
It's a powerful piece
of ancient musical magic.
We noticed it was missing.
No.
But we couldn't
track its location.
If Stariana performs at the
Chomptacular using the power
of the Siren Stone.
she'll steal the song
from everyfishy's soul.
Once that happens. nofishy
will be able to sing any song
but hers.
But why is she after me?
Because of this.
My star mark?
Legend has it that the
catchiest fish in the sea
is marked by a star.
If Stariana steals
your song and your star mark.
she'll be unstoppable.
Yeah. that's why she
fish-napped your friend.
So this is all because of me?
Poor William!
I wish-- I wish he and I were
never friends to begin with.
Then we wouldn't have
gotten into a fight.
And he wouldn't
be in trouble now!
C'mon. Baby.
Don't say that.
Sometimes. we hurt
our friends' feelings.
We drift apart. and
come back together.
It may not always
look perfect.
but when you care
for some-fish else.
nothing can take that away.
Yeah.
Fin-ship conquers all.
And the fin-ship between you
and William can conquer this.
Do you really think so?
Fin-ship is the only thing
more powerful than music.
So you're ready to gear up?
Am I?
Can we have a tie. too?
You bet.
OK. now we're ready!
all: Let's
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo this!
We're live in
just a few minutes.
Hey. Stariana!
Oh. goody.
you're just in time!
Hold still. this won't hurt a--
all: * Harmony! ♪
Ugh. why are they here?
We're here to stop you.
What you're doing
is wrong. Stariana.
Blah. blah. blah.
What part of "I don't care"
don't you understand?
She'll never listen. Baby.
We have to fight
music with music.
Wait. Stariana. please.
When you take fishies' songs.
you're taking away what
makes the ocean beautiful.
Everyfishy has a song to sing.
Oh. I agree.
And it's mine!
♪ Stariana-na-na-- ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Stariana-na-na-na.
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
No!
Oh. William!
Yes. Stariana.
William!
William. snap out of it.
He can't hear you.
And the longer he's under my
spell. the more he forgets.
Soon. he won't even remember
you were ever friends.
That's not possible.
♪ Stariana-na-na-na.
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Unless. of course. you stop
being such a party pooper
and. oh. I don't know. give
me the power of your song.
Stariana. it's time!
Oh. guess you don't
care about your so-called
best friend after all.
Come on. William.
Right away. Stariana.
Wait!
You can have it.
If you let William go. I'll--
I'll give you my star mark.
We love to hear it.
Whoa.
Huh?
William!
Baby?
Ah-ah-ah!
A deal's a deal.
I'm sorry. William.
♪ Stariana-na-na-na.
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ I'm Stariana-na-na-na-- ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Stariana-na-na-na.
na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Yes. Yes.
Yes!
Baby. are you OK?
At last!
The only thing standing in
my way was Baby Shark's song!
And now it's mine!
Gillie. I'm ready
to greet my subjects--
I mean. my fans.
Hello. folks.
Lance Bass coming to you
live from Swimmy Center
with the Chomptacular's
one and only performer.
debuting her new
single Stariana!
♪ It's my ocean ♪
♪ It's. it's my ocean ♪
♪ You're just swimming in it ♪
♪ It's my ocean ♪
♪ It's. it's my ocean ♪
♪ You're just swimming in it ♪
♪ It's my ocean ♪
♪ It's. it's my ocean ♪
♪ You're just swimming in it ♪
♪ It's my ocean ♪
♪ It's. it's my ocean ♪
♪ You're just swimming in it ♪
♪ Fishy. don't
you even bother ♪
♪ Don't you know
I run the water ♪
♪ Better get used
to the notion ♪
♪ You just swimming in it ♪
♪ It's my ocean ♪
♪ So watch me winning ♪
♪ All the time. time. time ♪
♪ It's all mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ You should come and see ♪
♪ How I dominate the sea ♪
♪ With my rhyme. rhyme. rhyme ♪
♪ It's all mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ You squiddos came to play ♪
♪ But you know I came to win ♪
♪ All the time.
time. time. yeah ♪
♪ It's. it's my ocean ♪
♪ It's my ocean ♪
♪ Yeah. it's my ocean ♪
♪ It's. it's my ocean ♪
♪ Fishy. don't
you even bother ♪
♪ Don't you know
I run the water ♪
♪ Better get used
to the notion ♪
♪ You just swimming in it ♪
♪ It's my ocean ♪
♪ So watch me winning ♪
♪ all the time. time. time ♪
♪ It's all mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ You should come and see ♪
♪ How I dominate the sea ♪
♪ With my rhyme. rhyme. rhyme ♪
♪ It's all mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ You squiddos came to play ♪
♪ But you know I came to win ♪
♪ All the time. time. time ♪
♪ It's. it's my ocean ♪
♪ It's my ocean ♪
Stariana!
We're number one
in the Pacific!
The Atlantic!
The Arctic!
Baby. Baby. please.
you have to wake up.
You have to sing.
Only you can stop her!
I--I can't.
I'm just too tired.
I'm sorry. William.
Well. if you can't sing.
then I'll sing for you.
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark ♪
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark ♪
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark ♪
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark ♪
Come on. you can do it.
♪ William. too ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ William. too.
William. too ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ William. too ♪
both: * Mommy Shark ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Mommy Shark ♪
♪ Daddy Shark.
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Camera Shark ♪
♪ Everyfishy got a song ♪
♪ And we all know
how to sing along ♪
♪ There's just no
way to do it wrong ♪
♪ So sing it loud.
and sing it strong ♪
♪ We wanna hear it ♪
♪ Wanna feel it ♪
♪ Be yourself.
you know you got to mean it ♪
♪ Let everyfishy sing it ♪
♪ Fishy. did I even stutter ♪
♪ I'm the one.
there is no other ♪
♪ Under my spell.
can't be broken ♪
♪ You just swimming in it ♪
♪ Winning all the
time. time. time ♪
♪ It's all mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ You should come and see ♪
Stariana!
♪ How I dominate the sea ♪
♪ With my rhyme. rhyme. rhyme ♪
♪ It's all mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ And the squiddos
came to play ♪
♪ But you know I came to win ♪
♪ All the time. time. time ♪
♪ Yeah. it's my ocean ♪
♪ Everyfishy's got a choice ♪
♪ So choose to let
'em hear your voice ♪
♪ And we know you
feel it. too ♪
♪ We're stronger when
we sing with you ♪
♪ We want to hear it ♪
♪ Want to feel it ♪
♪ Be yourself ♪
♪ You know you gotta mean it ♪
♪ And let everyfishy sing it! ♪
♪ Leah Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Lannie Shark
♪ Dr. Sawtooth
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Every shark
♪ In the sea
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Sing with me
♪ And I'll sing for you ♪
Cut their feed. Gillie!
Stop them!
Stariana-- sweet. sweet.
simple little Stariana--
no.
Uh!
What did you say?
Then I'll stop them myself!
♪ Winning all
the time. time. time ♪
♪ It's all mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ You should come and see ♪
♪ How I dominate the sea ♪
♪ With my rhyme. rhyme. rhyme ♪
♪ It's all mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ You squiddos came to play ♪
♪ But you know I came to win ♪
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
Come on. everyfishy!
♪ Bagel Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Traffic Shark
♪ Every Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Even you ♪
♪ Construction Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Grumpy Shark
♪ Sing with me
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ And I'll sing with you! ♪
No. No!
Uh-oh.
Why?
Oof!
All I ever wanted
was everything!
both: * Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
♪ Baby Shark ♪
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark ♪
- Whoo-hoo!
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark ♪
Whoo!
Um. Baby. did we just
dance on stage with ENHYPEN?
We just danced on
stage with ENHYPEN!
I have no idea what just
happened. but I'm pretty
sure it was swim-sational!
I thought I lost you forever!
Aw. William.
everything was changing.
And I didn't know
how to deal with it.
especially without you.
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings.
I'm sorry. too.
So you moved across
the seven seas.
So what?
A wise shark once told me our
fin-ship is bigger than that.
You know. I thought we
reached Peak Fin-ship before.
But I'm pretty sure
we're here right now.
And the view is fin-credible!
Their fin-ship is so pure!
Excuse me. but I just
have to say your teeth
are abso-toothly fin-credible!
Squeeee!
Will you sign my retainer?
Thank you!
Oh. no!
There's a musical crisis all
the way across the seven seas.
Duty calls.
Thanks for your help.
Baby Shark.
William. keep it real.
They know our names!
I know!
Play it cool.
The pleasure's
all ours. Jungwon.
Catch you later.
- Bye-bye.
- See you later!
- Bye!
But please come visit anytime!
Literally anytime!
Peace!
♪ Harmony! ♪
Do you think
I played that cool?
Uh. the coolest!
Whoo! That felt good.
Yeah. it really did.
Hey. what do you say we get
Smooth Sailing back together?
I mean. we did have the
costumes weirdly at the ready.
Get over here!
Aye-aye. captain!
Hm? Lannie!
Hey. Lannie!
Where you going?
Oh. you know.
I don't want to ruin
the whole best friends moment.
How about
a secret tail-shake?
Times three?
Is that even legal?
Only one way to find out.
all: Hey!
We're secret tail-shaking here!
Hey. hey. hey!
Forget about it. huh?
I can't believe I just
made two whole new friends.
And you're already leaving.
I know.
I'm really going
to miss you. Lannie.
But. hey. distance is no
match for fin-ship. right?
Right.
Now what do you say?
After song snackies?
Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
Kelparoni pizza!
OK. yeah!
Home. sweet home.
Oh. hey. it's the Sharks.
- Oh. hey. Baby Shark.
- Welcome back.
It's good to be home.
Yeah. seems like
things around the Cove
are pretty much the same.
Well. there have been
a few slight changes.
Yeah. that's new.
What is going on here?
- Oh. dear.
- Uh-oh.
Who wants to trade?
Flow sticks
for an aura portrait!
Hey. where'd the music go?
both: Uh...
Hit it. Glamdaddy!
both: Welcome to Burning Sand!
Want to boogie. best friend?
You know it. best friend!
- Whoo!
Whoo-hoo!
♪ Keep swimming through ♪
♪ Keep swimming through-ooooo ♪
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark ♪
♪ Mommy Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Mommy Shark ♪
♪ Daddy Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Daddy Shark ♪
♪ It's the end
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ It's the end! ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ Yeah. listen up ♪
♪ Ha-ha. let's flow! ♪
♪ Yeah. we got that
harmony like sunshine ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na! ♪
♪ Lighting every shadow up
with each rhyme ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na! ♪
♪ Fill the dark
with all our heart ♪
♪ That's who we are.
yeah. whoo! ♪
♪ I think it's about
time we turned the tide ♪
♪ And show the whole sea
that I ♪
♪ I got you.
get your dorsal fin ♪
♪ You got me.
never sink just swim ♪
♪ No matter how it's flowing ♪
♪ We're going fishy-fish.
you'll see. whoo! ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship. yeah ♪
♪ Love is all we
need to win it. yeah ♪
♪ Singing side by side ♪
♪ Winning every time ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna beat our-- ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na! ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na! ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ With the whole
band drumming. hey ♪
♪ Anything you can face ♪
♪ You can overcome it ♪
♪ The whole wild world ♪
♪ Won't know what's coming ♪
♪ Cuz that's ba-ba bubbling ♪
♪ Fill the dark
with all our heart ♪
♪ That's who we are.
yeah. whoo ♪
♪ Sing la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ I'm going to show
the whole sea ♪
♪ That I-- that I got you ♪
♪ I got your dorsal fin ♪
♪ Got me ♪
♪ Never sink. just swim ♪
♪ No matter how it's flowing ♪
♪ We're going fishy-fish.
you'll see ♪
♪ Let's go! ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship! ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Love is all we
need to win it. yeah ♪
♪ Sing it side by side ♪
♪ My limit is the sky ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna beat our-- ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na! ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na! ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ Nothing. nothing. nothing ♪
♪ Can swim in our way ♪
♪ Is crashing this way ♪
♪ Nothing. nothing. nothing ♪
♪ Can swim in our way ♪
♪ We have something.
something. something ♪
♪ Look out for the fin-ship ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna be-- ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ Love is all we need to-- ♪
♪ Love is all we need. yeah ♪
♪ Singing side by side ♪
♪ Winning every time ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna beat-- ♪
♪ Na. na. na ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na! ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna beat our ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na-na! ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
beat our fin-ship ♪
♪ Welcome to Chomp City ♪
♪ Where the world is
bright and pretty ♪
♪ You'll see every fish.
she's singing ♪
♪ As they're swimming along.
swimming along ♪
♪ We got fashion shows ♪
♪ So strike a pose ♪
♪ Show off those stripes
and spots. you know ♪
♪ Downtown don't sleep.
it's the undertow ♪
♪ Where it all begins ♪
♪ So dive on in ♪
♪ Go and live your
best new life ♪
♪ Soak in the city lights ♪
♪ You'll sing
your song in time ♪
♪ Come on. dive on in ♪
♪ Different tails
and different fins ♪
♪ Every fishy fits right in ♪
♪ Here's where
your song begins ♪
♪ Go and dive on in ♪
♪ Next on the plate ♪
♪ We're going
to treat you ♪
♪ A slice of kelparoni pizza ♪
♪ Do it like this. it folds ♪
♪ Am I doing it right? ♪
♪ Yeah. take a bite ♪
♪ Always something new ♪
♪ Can't run out
of things to do ♪
♪ The greatest place
in the deep blue ♪
♪ Yeah. it's true ♪
♪ So dive on in ♪
♪ Go and live your
best new life ♪
♪ Soak in the city lights ♪
♪ You'll sing
your song in time ♪
♪ Come on. dive on in ♪
♪ Wah-ooh! ♪
♪ Ooo-ooh wah-ooh! ♪
♪ So dive on in ♪
♪ Everyfishy. get your
gills up. let's flow ♪
♪ Here in the sea you'll
never swim alone ♪
♪ Turn it up. and get down ♪
♪ Feeling good. feeling
fin-tastic now ♪
♪ Look at us underwater.
we rocking this ♪
♪ Yeah. you know the good
times are bottomless ♪
♪ Floating together
in harmony ♪
♪ Singing hey. hey ♪
♪ Making big waves down
below ♪
♪ So don't give up when the
tide turns against you ♪
♪ You know you got friends
in the deep blue-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming
through-ooooo ♪
♪ Just flap those fins.
never stopping the motion ♪
♪ Together. our limit's
the ocean-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming
through-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming through ♪
♪ Keep swimming
through-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming through ♪
♪ Keep swimming
through-ooooo ♪
♪ No matter who you are.
a shrimp or a whale ♪
♪ No matter where you're from.
keep flapping that tail ♪
♪ 'Cause there's enough love ♪
♪ For every sea slug ♪
♪ Yes. even for you.
Mr. Snail ♪
♪ Whooo whooo! ♪
♪ Floating together
in harmony ♪
♪ Singing hey. hey ♪
♪ Making big waves
down below ♪
♪ So don't give up when the
tide turns against you ♪
♪ You know you got friends
in the deep blue-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming
through-ooooo ♪
♪ Just flap those fins
never stopping the motion ♪
♪ Together. our limit's
the ocean-ooooo ♪
♪ Keep swimming
through-ooooo ♪
♪ Every fishy flow ♪
♪ Keep swimming through ♪
I* Keep swimming
through-ooooo ♪
♪ Fins up for the turtles ♪
♪ Keep swimming through ♪
♪ Keep swimming
through-ooooo ♪
Um. Mail Whale. I think
it's past your bedtime.
Oooh-ooh.
OK. goodnight!
Ooh-ooh.
♪ Baby Shark
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark ♪
Pinkfong.